OVirtual Boiz Style Guide:

Naming: Try to be as concise but descriptive as possible. If a name is over 5 words or so vague that only you would know what it means,
	it's probably going to be hard to understand for others reading your code.

Newlines: newlines periodically between unrelated or large blocks of code are necessary. For example:

	this is incorrect:

		int i = 0;
		unsigned j = 11;
		if(i == j)
		{
			j -= 1;
		}

	this is correct:

		int i = 0;
		unsigned j = 11;

		if(i == j)
		{
			j -= 1;
		}

	that example may have been a bit small scale but if you need help further understanding what I mean here, ask me.
	(for a couple more cases where you would put newlines, always before and after loops, always before and after if/else chains,
	 always before and after switch statements, always before and after function declarations/definitions)

If Statements: always put curly brackets for if statements, one line or otherwise. additionally, the opening curly bracket should always
	       be on the next line.

Commenting: File headers should always state your name, the date you created the script, the names of any other people who worked on the
	    script, and a brief description of what the script does. If a script already had a file header, there is no need to rewrite it,
	    just add your name to the author(s) section.

	    Function headers are required for every function, preferrably for the declaration.

	    Any particularly complex block of code should be commented so it is clear what it's doing. If you're not sure if your code needs to be
	    commented, ask me or one of the other programmers.

	    Don't overcomment; if something can be easily understood because it is simple or the names of the variables used are intuitive, there is
	    no need to comment. My main reason for wanting to avoid overcommenting is because it can make the code look cluttered and can actually
	    make it harder to read/understand.

	    I know that I don't always comment very well so if you see a script that I wrote but didn't comment, let me know and I'll get on it.

